GraphQL Schema Error Warnings (#22535)
directus/directus: .changeset/silent-jars-tell.md

---
"@directus/api": patch
---

> Implemented schema sanitization for GraphQL throwing an error for invalid collections or relations

Reviewer: Something like this seems a bit more accurate to the latest version of this PR

```suggestion
Implemented schema sanitization for GraphQL, ignoring collections/relations with incompatible names instead of blocking GraphQL queries
```
